README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/vue-autotooltip">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vue-autotooltip.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/vue-autotooltip?minimal=true">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/vue-autotooltip.svg">
  </a>
  <br>
</p>

# vue-autotooltip

Auto tooltip for Vue.js

# Features

- `Autotooltip` directive.

| Version | Support Vue Version | Status |
| :-----: | :-----------------: | :----: |
| `v1.x`  |      `v2.7.x`       |   ✔️   |
|   `-`   |      `v3.2.x`       |   🚧   |

# Installation

```bash
# pnpm
$ pnpm add vue-autotooltip

# yarn
$ yarn add vue-autotooltip

# npm
$ npm i vue-autotooltip
```

# Usage

1. Import styles

```ts
import 'vue-autotooltip/dist/style.css'
```

2. Install directive

```ts
import Vue from 'vue'
import { Autotooltip } from 'vue-autotooltip'

// ...

Vue.directive('autotooltip', Autotooltip)

// ...
```

3. Use it where needed

```vue
<div>
  <span v-autotooltip>tooltip content 2</span>
</div>
```

# Binding Value

## Has binding value

- If the **binding value** is a `string`, it will be used by content of **tooltip**.
- If the **binding value** is a `plain object`, It will be considered as an advanced configuration for **tooltip**.

Configuration details as belows:

|     Key     |           Type           |  Default Value  |               Description                |
| :---------: | :----------------------: | :-------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
|  `content`  |         `string`         |   `undefined`   |           Content of tooltip.            |
|  `effect`   |     `dark` / `light`     |     `dark`      |              Tooltip theme.              |
| `placement` |         `string`         |      `top`      |           Position of Tooltip.           |
| `appendTo`  | `string` / `HTMLElement` | `document.body` | Where to insert the **tooltip** element. |

## Has not binding value

- If a binding value is not specified for `v-autotooltip`, the `innerText` of the referenced element will be displayed as the content of the tooltip.
- Only when there is a text overflow will the display of tooltip be activated, and add a truncation effect to the text display.

Commit message:

feat: support specify the arrow width of tooltip

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.org/package/vue-autotooltip">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/v/vue-autotooltip.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://npmcharts.com/compare/vue-autotooltip?minimal=true">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/vue-autotooltip.svg">
  </a>
  <br>
</p>

# vue-autotooltip

Auto tooltip for Vue.js

# Features

- `Autotooltip` directive.

| Version | Support Vue Version | Status |
| :-----: | :-----------------: | :----: |
| `v1.x`  |      `v2.7.x`       |   ✔️   |
|   `-`   |      `v3.2.x`       |   🚧   |

# Installation

```bash
# pnpm
$ pnpm add vue-autotooltip

# yarn
$ yarn add vue-autotooltip

# npm
$ npm i vue-autotooltip
```

# Usage

1. Import styles

```ts
import 'vue-autotooltip/dist/style.css'
```

2. Install directive

```ts
import Vue from 'vue'
import { Autotooltip } from 'vue-autotooltip'

// ...

Vue.directive('autotooltip', Autotooltip)

// ...
```

3. Use it where needed

```vue
<div>
  <span v-autotooltip>tooltip content 2</span>
</div>
```

# Binding Value

## Has binding value

- If the **binding value** is a `string`, it will be used by content of **tooltip**.
- If the **binding value** is a `plain object`, It will be considered as an advanced configuration for **tooltip**.

Configuration details as belows:

|     Key      |           Type           |  Default Value  |               Description                |
| :----------: | :----------------------: | :-------------: | :--------------------------------------: |
|  `content`   |         `string`         |   `undefined`   |           Content of tooltip.            |
|   `effect`   |     `dark` / `light`     |     `dark`      |              Tooltip theme.              |
| `placement`  |         `string`         |      `top`      |           Position of Tooltip.           |
|  `appendTo`  | `string` / `HTMLElement` | `document.body` | Where to insert the **tooltip** element. |
| `arrowWidth` |         `number`         |       `8`       |   Specify the arrow width of tooltip.    |

## Has not binding value

- If a binding value is not specified for `v-autotooltip`, the `innerText` of the referenced element will be displayed as the content of the tooltip.
- Only when there is a text overflow will the display of tooltip be activated, and add a truncation effect to the text display.
